
## An Empty Sky

### *from* **Etherealities**

---

I have nothing to write about with an empty sky. If the sun is not there to provide its golden rays or if the moon is not there to share its silver light, then there is nothing for me to talk about. There is no burning star to take note of, let alone a glowing rock. An empty sky is an empty sky.

Today, the sky was clear but I didn’t see the sun. It was just a wide blue like the sea except it was above me. Perhaps the clouds didn’t think of giving a visit. I wondered where the light came from but I received no answer. One would say that it’s just a normal day. To me, it definitely wasn’t.

Tonight, the sky was blank and even the moon wasn’t there. It was pitch black, appearing like a void. Perhaps the stars thought of their absence. I wondered where the darkness came from but I received no answer. One would say it’s just a normal night. To me, it definitely wasn’t.

I forgot to mention the twilight. I forgot to tell about the battle of light and dark trying to overcome each other. How could that be possible, I thought, if both the light and dark didn’t have a source? I watched the blue transition to orange then to black. I told myself, the sky must not have been empty that day.

Then I realized, the empty sky only made me feel sad. If I had an empty sky, I wouldn’t talk about it. I’d only mention what it looked to me because it meant nothing. I’d talk about how I missed the sun and the clouds that day, how I missed the moon and the stars that night. Still, an empty sky is an empty sky.