
## Sun and Moon

### *from* **Etherealities**

---

There is a person who reminds me of the sunlit hours. He always brightens up my day with the light that pierces even the darkest clouds. I bask under his warmth, the warmth that touches every piece of my skin. He comes with a bright blue, clear of any kind of impurity. I loved him but I could never see him straight in the eye because he was bright – too bright for me. In my happiest hours, he fills me with hopefulness and in my saddest seconds, he tries not to despair. He gives me joy. He was most glorious and everyone awed him, so much that no one could ever come close.

There is a person who reminds me of the moonlit hours. He tries to give me light despite the clouds that almost suffocates him. I sense from him a cold air that never fails to make my spine shiver. He brings a dark blue, but it shimmers with specks of glitters. I never loved him but there are times when he’d look at me with his crescent white smile. In my happiest hours, he promises nothing but it is in my saddest seconds that he becomes my prospect. He provides me with pride. He was most beautiful but not everyone liked him. Still, he let people come to him.

If I were to pick between the sun and the moon, it would take me an eternity to decide. It would take a million dusk and dawns, and even a thousand eclipses. The day I decide would be the day that they share the same sky. It would be the day of warmth and cold, of light and dark. It might be my happiest hour or my saddest second. Then, I will see my pride and joy come together.